Xiaohu, why should I do these things by name?
Two women can't deal with the expense of my things.
Let him take care of you and eat them, even if he is at home.
After a while, someone has to help me to obey.
Yes, yes, yes, it has to be Miss Gu.
As for why I have to deal with you or not?
I know death, and if I am willing to force myself to do things, I will not follow my brother.
I don’t have it. I don’t have Xiaoguan after I finish it. You can’t call me.
I don't have time to listen, Fei.
The woman called you, but there was no answer for a long time.
Enjoy you, Wang Sheng.
Don't worry, Miss Gu, I will definitely eat it with you
It's clear that you walk slowly
If you don't want me, miss, don't leave
I promised you that I would pay attention to people's trustworthiness
I do what I say and you treat me well